#How to Maintain this Site

TLDR:

- Ask support@engr.oregonstate.edu for access to aiaawww on
  access.engr.oregonstate.edu.
- Make a github account.
- Fork the repository on http://github.com/ngokevin/osuaiaa
- ssh to access.engr.oregonstate.edu
- Enter *ssh-keygen*, press enter all the way through, copy the contents of
  *.ssh/id\_rsa.pub* to your Github SSH keys.
- *git clone --recursive git@github:[YOURGITHUB]/osuaiaa*
- Enter osuaiaa/push.sh to deploy website

This guide was written to help Windows users update a website running on a
web server. If you have any Linux users in your club, now's a good time to ask
because they can be your go-to person.

No HTML or CSS knowledge is needed to maintain this site, only the ability to
edit files on the command-line and upload pictures. To update the site, you have to
connect to the webserver with Putty and edit the files with nano

This method involves just the tiniest bit of working on the command-line. But
don't worry, it's been set up to be as easy as possible. First let's connect to
the server.

- Download [Putty](http://http://the.earth.li/~sgtatham/putty/latest/x86/putty.exe)
- Run Putty and type access.engr.oregonstate.edu into the **Host Name** textbox and click **Open**.
- Type in your ENGR password and press Enter.

##Basic Commands

Below are commands I have set up for you to make it easy. When doing the edit
and new commands, it'll drop you into a text editor. I'll explain how to use
the text editor, *nano*, below.

Below are some basic Linux commands you might want to know.

- ls: list files and folders in the current folder
- cd *folder*: go to a folder
- cp *file* *newcopiedfile*: copy (and paste) file and call it copiedfile
- mv *oldfile* *newfile*: rename oldfile to newfile or move oldfile to a folder
  called newfile
- rm *file*: remove a file
- rm -rf *folder*: remove a folder
- mk: remove a folder

##Nano, the Text Editor

Nano is a text editor like Notepad, but in a command-line.

- Use the arrow keys to move around and type to insert stuff.
- Press Ctrl-O and Enter to save a file.
- Press Ctrl-X to exit a file.

##Where the Stuff You Need to Edit Are

In the *osuaiaa* folder, the only folder you should worry about is the
*content* folder. Below are descriptions about files and folders within the
content folder.

content folder:

....about.mkd - stuff in the about page

....contact.mkd - stuff above officer info

....events - folder containing event pages

........20121201_example_event.mkd - an example event page

....home.mkd - stuff in the home page

....gallery - folder containing album descriptions

........20121201_example_album.mkd - tells the site about an album

....people - folder containing officer information

........president.mkd - stuff about an officer

....projects - folder containing project pages

........20121201_example_project.mkd - an example project

##Example: Adding a New Event

Look at the other event pages and use them as a template. A good way is to copy
another event to a new file, open it, and fill in the new event details.

- Change the *title* from "Example Event" to your event title.
- Change the *slug*, which will be in the URL (slug "example" =>
  osuaiaa.com/events/example).
- Change the *preview* giving a short description of the event.
- Change the *datetime* to when the event will be.
- Change the *location* from "Example Building" to the building.
- If you have an image, change the url to either an image you uploaded
  (/img/yourimage.png) or to the link you uploaded it to (imgur.com).

Below the --- lines is the body of your event. This is what will be shown in
the meat of the page. Add your event description here.

For adding a project or updating an officer's information, the process is
mostly the same.

##Creating a New Album

**IMPORTANT:** the *slug* field at the top of the album file must match the name of
the folder you create with *mkdir* below.

- Enter in *newalbum* to the command-line.
- Fill out information about the album at the top.
- Change *slug* to your\_album\_name (no spaces)
- Enter in *mkdir ~/osuaiaa/img/gallery/your\_album\_name* (no spaces)
- Follow the steps below to upload images to the album.
- Push the site.

##Uploading Images to the Site and to an Album

Let's start with how to upload images from your computer to the webserver.
You'll probably be uploading an image for an event, or for an album in the
gallery. We'll cover both ways.

- Download [winscp](http://winscp.net/download/winscp511.zip) and run.
- From the *file protocol* dropdown, choose *SCP*.
- Enter osuaiaa.com as the **Host name**, osuaiaa as the **User name** and the
  password. Click *Login*.
- On the right side, we want to be putting images in the **osuaiaa/img**
  folder. If you're putting an image into album, put it in
  **osuaiaa/media/img/gallery/[your_album_name]/** folder.
- Drag-and-drop to upload.

If you're uploading images for an event or project page, put it in the
*osuaiaa/img* folder and then you can reference from within the files within
*content* folders as */img/your_image_name.jpg*

#Wok

This site runs on [wok](http://wok.mytmhon.com). Wok has some
[documentation](http://wok.mythmon.com/docs/urls) to answer any questions this
guide does not cover. Wok is a static webpage generator. We put all of our
stuff into files (like .txt files) and then the program reads these files, and
spits out the generated webpages. Since static webpage generators were meant to
be used by tech-saavy users, there is no web interface to add content to the
site.

Join #osu-lug or #wok on irc.freenode.net on irc for help.

#Other Resources

[Linux Command Line Tutorial](http://www.stat.tamu.edu/~dahl/teaching/605/1.20/shell-tutorial/html/index.html)

[Git Tutorial](http://sixrevisions.com/resources/git-tutorials-beginners/)
