title: Home
type: home

url: /index{page}.html

pagination:
    limit: 3
    post_limit: 9

header: Welcome to the OSU AIAA!

homeimage: /img/home.png

---

The Oregon State University branch of AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics
and Astronautics) is a new student organization. The goal of OSU AIAA is to
promote student interest in aerospace engineering with hands-on research and
design projects. With Oregon State University currently lacking an aerospace
engineering program, OSU AIAA intends to fill that void by becoming the
university's platform for students interested in aerospace engineering.

OSU AIAA is a student branch under the American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics. The purpose of the organization is to promote research and
education in the design and implementation of various aerospace engineering
disciplines. Our student organization seeks to compete with other colleges and
universities in engineering and design competitions. OSU AIAA is also a facet
through which companies can connect with the university by bringing in guest
speakers from the professional industry and encouraging student tours of their
facilities.

<div class="col5">

##Schedule <span><i class="icon-calendar"></i></span>

Member's meetings in Kearney 112 at 6:00 on the 2nd Wednesday of every month.

**Design / Build / Fly Team** meetings in Rogers 304 at 3:00 every Friday.

**Design / Build / Launch Team** meetings TBD

</div>

<div class="col5">

##Mailing List <span><i class="icon-envelope"></i></span>

OSU AIAA has a mailing list! Subscribe to the [mailing list](mailing-list).

</div>

<div class="col5">

##How to Join <span><i class="icon-user"></i></span>

Becoming a member of AIAA is easy. Simply go to the [AIAA website](aiaa)
and sign up to become an official student AIAA member. This costs 20 dollars
but being a part of a professional aerospace engineering society is well worth
it. Once you have completed that, sign up for our mailing list so you know
about upcoming events such as DBF meetings, guest speakers, and company tours.

</div>

[mailing-list]: https://secure.engr.oregonstate.edu/mailman/listinfo/osuaiaa_members
[aiaa]: https://www.aiaa.org/SecondaryTwoColumn.aspx?id=255
