title: Home
type: home

url: /aiaa/index{page}.html

tags: navigation
navrank: 0

pagination:
    limit: 3
    post_limit: 9

header: Welcome to the OSU AIAA!

homeimage: /aiaa/img/home.png

---

The Oregon State University branch of AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics
and Astronautics) is a new student organization. The goal of OSU AIAA is to
promote student interest in aerospace engineering with hands-on research and
design projects. With Oregon State University currently lacking an aerospace
engineering program, OSU AIAA intends to fill that void by becoming the
university's platform for students interested in aerospace engineering.
[Here's us featured in the OSU Barometer!][barometer]


OSU AIAA is a student branch under the American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics. The purpose of the organization is to promote research and
education in the design and implementation of various aerospace engineering
disciplines. Our student organization seeks to compete with other colleges and
universities in engineering and design competitions. OSU AIAA is also a facet
through which companies can connect with the university by bringing in guest
speakers from the professional industry and encouraging student tours of their
facilities.

OSU AIAA will be hosting a [visit from astronaut Dr. Stan
Love](/aiaa/events/astronaut).

<div class="col5">

##Schedule <span><i class="icon-calendar"></i></span>

####Member's Meetings

Kearney 112 at 6pm on the 2nd Wednesday of every month.

Our next meeting on May 8 at 6:00pm Kearney 212.

####Design / Build / Fly Team

Rogers 304 at 3pm every Friday.

####Design / Build / Launch Team

Meetings TBD
</div>


<div class="col5">

##How to Join <span><i class="icon-user"></i></span>

Becoming a member of AIAA is easy. Simply go to the [AIAA website][aiaa]
and sign up to become an official student AIAA member. This costs 20 dollars
but being a part of a professional aerospace engineering society is well worth
it.

Once you have completed that, sign up to our mailing list!
</div>

<div class="col5">

##Mailing List <span><i class="icon-envelope"></i></span>

OSU AIAA has a mailing list!

Sign up to the [mailing list][mailing-list] so you know about upcoming events
such as DBF meetings, guest speakers, and company tours.
</div>

[mailing-list]: https://secure.engr.oregonstate.edu/mailman/listinfo/osuaiaa_members
[aiaa]: https://www.aiaa.org/SecondaryTwoColumn.aspx?id=255
[barometer]: http://www.dailybarometer.com/news/5-4-3-2-1-liftoff-aerospace-club-1.2937738#.UJtXsoZj2rY
